well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about how the fates have a sense of
humor how karma has jokes and how life
is funny sometimes we're also going to
talk a little about freedom of movement
now be honest I have been waiting to do
this video I wanted to do it for like a
month but with a video of this sort
timing is really important and I think
this is the appropriate moment generally
I do not like creating a position that
is based in large part on pointing out
someone else's hypocrisy I don't like
doing it because number one it's a
logical fallacy just because somebody
doesn't live up to the standard they
advocate doesn't actually mean their
position is wrong the other reason is
that generally it's ineffective however
there are times when it can become a
useful tool when you're dealing with
those who are over emotional not ruled
by logic drama kings in that case it can
help people come together can help
people walk a mile in somebody else's
shoes so do they think they're very very
different from but they probably aren't
I would like it if people would stop
referring to stay-at-home orders as
Gestapo ask I mean that's a little over
the top don't you think and once
somebody has their entire family wiped
out because they violated to stay at
home order I mean then that comparison
would make sense until then it's just a
little silly I mean it's not like we
have people all over the country around
and folks up and sticking them in camps
because they were in the wrong spot oh
wait that was the thing wasn't it that
that's occurring that's that
happens and oddly enough many of the
people who are out there whining and
crying right now about their freedom of
movement being interrupted
we're cheering it on waiting the flag
bumper-sticker social media posts when
it applied to the imaginary line down
there on the southern border but now
that that line is in your own front yard
how it's different now it's different
now it's an inconvenience it's not just
affecting those others those people we
like to scapegoat maybe those two groups
of people they're not so different and I
know I can already hear it well whoa
they just need to follow the wall down
there yeah you too buddy
I don't care if you go to the store to
get your stuff just do it legally do it
the right way get your permission slip
only now it's not a visa it's a mask
well it's not even the same thing I just
want to make a living take care of my
family man this sounds familiar there is
one difference one big one generally
speaking those crossing the imaginary
line down there on the southern border
they were trying to get to safety those
concerned with the one in their front
yard well they don't care about safety
it's care about it has never been a
concern for them they're privileged in
that manner some might call their
behavior reckless at times you know I
wonder what would happen if you added up
those lost that were attributable to
each group one of which one caused more
harm
I know then there's the big one
what will whoa whoa I'm a citizen I've
got rights first that's not how the
Constitution works their Patriot but
let's just pretend that it is the fact
that you want to use the fact that you
are a citizen as a shield means that you
are more obligated to the social
contract you apparently hold so highly
you are more obligated to follow the law
do what your betters tell you to do
see they supported it months ago because
they never thought it would happen to
them because they knew where the line
was and they were on the right side of
it it was gonna affect those others
those people don't care about them see
funny thing happens when you're talking
about authoritarian governments the line
often moves and it did
it's almost like if you cheer on a
government when they behave in an
authoritarian manner they become more
authoritarian who knew not me I'm
shocked there's no difference there
never is those people on the bottom the
working class all over the world those
borders don't really divide though they
have the same motivations the same
dreams the same hoax the only difference
is who's manipulating them from the top
who's telling them which is the other
it's acceptable to scapegoat that's
really the only difference
yeah I get it the way you're confined
understand but I would point out you are
combined at home with Netflix in your
family your family wasn't ripped apart
and thrown into separate camps to
dissuade you from making non-essential
trips so until that happens perhaps we
can leave the Gestapo esque rhetoric at
home because all its really doing is
reminding people and just a couple
months ago you were the brown shirts
anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night
[Music]